fix: remove embedded html in markdown (#265)
coreruleset/website: content/blog/2018-01-12-crs-project-new-january-2018.md

- OWASP\_TOP\_10 tags are outdated with new release and will be updated as part of rule cleanup 2.0
    - The older versions are available here: https://github.com/coreruleset/coreruleset/blob/95e7e6b3982eca93989c7948faca4a961737eace/rules/REQUEST-944-APPLICATION-ATTACK-JAVA.conf
    - A new ticket will be opened taking into account discussions from https://github.com/coreruleset/coreruleset/pull/881/files
- Dune73 will review #983 and #982 and merge if ready.
- csanders will write some of the documentation from #986 and provide a space on [coreruleset.org](http://coreruleset.org/) for the information to live.
- \#974, which deals with transfer encoding, is awaiting PR, this change requires both correctly evaluating the TE RFC and the extensions. For 3.1 we're gonna do basic abuse checks in PL and any extension checks will be in PL minimum with further review planed for 3.2.
- We'd like to add the PR for CPanel exclusion to 3.1, due to how CPanel sets up their system it causes false positives, ideally CPanel would fix this but they haven't yet so we'll add a class exclusion similar to how we did with WordPress, Drupal, etc. emphazer said he could take this on.

> - We reviewed spartantri idea for filetype checking based on STREAM\_INPUT\_BODY. It is unclear if this feature will be exposed as part of libmodsecurity. A PR will be prepared with the known compatible stuff enabled and the other stuff commented out and possible enabled over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We reviewed spartantri's idea for filetype checking based on STREAM\_INPUT\_BODY. It is unclear if this feature will be exposed as part of libmodsecurity. A PR will be prepared with the known compatible stuff enabled and the other stuff commented out and possibly enabled over time.
```

> - Dune73 discussed a project for a volunteer that would shift rules that only require Phase 1 variables to use the phase:1 action for performance reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dune73 discussed a project for a volunteer who would shift rules that only require Phase 1 variables to use the phase:1 action for performance reasons.
```
